[pkg/ottl] Add `Day` converter (#33121)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/ottlfuncs/README.md

- `ConvertCase(metric.name, "snake")`

### Day

`Day(value)`

> The `Day` Converter returns the day component from the specified time using the Go stdlib [time.Day` function](https://pkg.go.dev/time#Time.Day).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Day` Converter returns the day component from the specified time using the Go stdlib [`time.Day` function](https://pkg.go.dev/time#Time.Day).
```

> The `Day` Converter returns the day component from the specified time.  The Converter [uses the `time.Day` function](https://pkg.go.dev/time#Time.Day).
> 
> `value` is a `time.Time`. If `value` is another type an error is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Day` Converter returns the day component from the specified time using the Go stdlib [`time.Day` function](https://pkg.go.dev/time#Time.Day).

`value` is a `time.Time`. If `value` is another type, an error is returned.
```
